Beta release docs for auto-edit (#1026)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/cody/capabilities/auto-edit.mdx

Reviewer: Should we add a Known Issues section to say Enterprises that have disabled Fireworks on Gateway won't be able to use auto-edit (it will be broken). To fix this, they can add Fireworks as a provider or switch back to autocomplete.

Reviewer 2: yeah, i think we can call that out more prominently. 
maybe we can add another sentence in the callout like
```
<Callout type="info">Auto-edit is currently supported in the VS Code extension with Sourcegraph v6.0+. It's available in Beta for Pro, Enterprise Starter and Enterprise users on Cody Gateway. Auto-edit requires Fireworks to be enabled as a provider. Enterprise customers without Fireworks enabled can [disable the feature flag](#auto-edit-access-for-enterprise-customers)</Callout>
```

<p className="subtitle">Auto-edit suggests code changes by analyzing cursor movements and typing. After you've made at least one character edit in your codebase, it begins proposing contextual modifications based on your cursor position and recent changes.</p>

> <Callout type="info">Auto-edit is currently supported in the VS Code extension with Sourcegraph v6.0+. It's available in Beta for Pro, Enterprise Starter and Enterprise users on Cody Gateway. For Free users, auto-edit remains as Experimental.</Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="info">Auto-edit is currently supported in the VS Code extension with Sourcegraph v6.0+. It's available in Beta for Pro, Enterprise Starter and Enterprise users on Cody Gateway. For Free users, auto-edit remains as Experimental.</Callout>
```

It's not available for Free users

Author: @graceshih-sg in this GTM linear [issue](https://linear.app/sourcegraph/issue/PROD-514/autoedit-beta-gtm-enablement) it says that auto-edit is Experimental for Free. Is it or not then?

> <Callout type="info">Auto-edit is currently supported in VS Code extension with Sourcegraph v6.0 and more.It's available as Beta for Enterprise Starter (Cody Pro) and Enterprise users on Cody Gateway. For Free users, auto-edit remains as Experimental.</Callout>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Callout type="info">Auto-edit is currently supported in the VS Code extension with Sourcegraph v6.0+. It's available in Beta for Pro, Enterprise Starter and Enterprise users on Cody Gateway. For Free users, auto-edit remains as Experimental.</Callout>
```

## Enabling auto-edit

> Auto-edit is enabled by default for Cody Pro and Enterprise users. You can opt out and switch back to **autocomplete** by selecting it from the suggestion mode in the Cody VS Code extension settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Auto-edit is enabled by default for Cody Pro Enterprise Starter, and Enterprise users. You can opt out and switch back to **autocomplete** by selecting it from the suggestion mode in the Cody VS Code extension settings.
```

Site admins can opt their organization out of the auto-edit feature by disabling it from their config settings.

### Auto-edit access for Enterprise customers

Auto-edit is available for Enterprise customers with [Sourcegraph Cody Gateway](/cody/core-concepts/cody-gateway#sourcegraph-cody-gateway) access. Enabling the feature requires two steps:

1. Site administrators must:

>    - Enable the feature flag `cody-autoedit-experiment-enabled-flag` and can also opt-out via the same flag

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Ensure the feature flag `cody-autoedit-experiment-enabled-flag` is enabled (enabled by default)
```

   - Add `fireworks::*` as an [allowed provider](https://sourcegraph.com/docs/cody/enterprise/model-configuration#model-filters) (see below)
2. Once enabled, auto-edit will become the default suggestion mode for all users

> 3. Users can optionally switch back to autocomplete from the Cody extension settings
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Users can optionally switch back to autocomplete from the Cody extension settings
4. Site admins can opt out of auto-edits using the `cody-autoedit-experiment-enabled-flag` feature flag
```

## Enabling auto-edit

Eligible Cody Pro users will gradually be given access to the auto-edit feature. Once you have it, you will receive an in-editor notification.
Auto-edit is enabled by default for Cody Pro and Enterprise users. You can opt out and switch back to **autocomplete** by selecting it from the suggestion mode in the Cody VS Code extension settings.

<video width="100%" loop playsInline controls style={{ width: '100%', height: 'auto' }}>
    <source src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/Docs/Media/auto-edit-in-action-2025.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

### Auto-edit access for Enterprise customers

Auto-edit is available for Enterprise customers with [Sourcegraph Cody Gateway](/cody/core-concepts/cody-gateway#sourcegraph-cody-gateway) access. Enabling the feature requires two steps:

> 1. Site administrators must:

Author: @alexromano confirming: this section becomes invalid as it's enabled as default.

Reviewer 2: * they'll still need to add fireworks as an allowed provider
* admins will be able to opt out of autoedits using the same flag
* developers won't get a notification to turn it on
* individual devs can also opt in/out of autoedits using the same settings page shown in that image. we should update the image when we have the new copy (it'll say "autoedits (beta)") and it is set as default
